Fixing contributing-docs/03_contributors_quick_start.rst for clarity. (#37719)
mistercrunch/Airflow: contributing-docs/03_contributors_quick_start.rst

Local machine development
#########################

> If you do not work in remote development environments, you will need these prerequisites:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not work in a remote development environment, you will need these prerequisites:
```

Author: Made the required changes.
